Remove refs to master in RT kernel (#26504)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-nodes-rtkernel-arguments.adoc

system with real-time characteristics.

If your {product-title} workloads require these real-time characteristics,
you can switch your machines to the Linux
real-time kernel. For {product-title}, {product-version} you can make this
switch using a MachineConfig object. Although making the change is as simple
as changing a MachineConfig `kernelType` setting to `realtime`, there are a few
other considerations before making the change:

> * Currently, real-time kernel is only suported on worker nodes, and only for radio access network (RAN) use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently, real-time kernel is supported on only worker nodes and only for radio access network (RAN) use.
```

> * The following procedure is fully supported with bare metal installations using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The following procedure is fully supported with bare metal installations that use
```
